Fix documentation (#45)
elasticio/sftp-component: README.md

* The maximum file size accepted by the SFTP component is limited to 100 MiB (Mebibytes)
* The attachments mechanism does not work with [Local Agent Installation](https://support.elastic.io/support/solutions/articles/14000076461-announcing-the-local-agent-)

> * Get new and updated files trigger mechanism is based on sftp file `modifyTime` metadata field. For correct operation trigger requires accurate time configuration on sftp server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 'Get new and updated files' trigger mechanism is based on SFTP file `modifyTime` metadata field. For correct processing the trigger requires correct time configuration on the SFTP server.
```

> * Get new and updated files trigger does not support empty files processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 'Get new and updated files' trigger does not support empty files processing.
```
